docs: software catalog items management (#1789)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/software-catalog/manage-items/overview.md

- **Proxies**: specific configurations used to invoke APIs that are not part of the current project but may be exposed by an external provider or another project. You can find more information about proxies in [this section](/development_suite/api-console/api-design/proxy.md).
- **Sidecars**: secondary utility containers running side by side with the main container in the same host. Find more [here](/software-catalog/manage-items/mia-ctl/create/create-item-by-type/create_sidecar.md)
- **Infrastructure Resources**: custom objects that are not part of the standard Console supported resources. For more information, go to [this section](/software-catalog/manage-items/mia-ctl/create/create-item-by-type/create_infrastructure_resource.md)

> 

Reviewer: As above, do we want to leave out Console Extensions?

:::note
Items can be assigned a **Category** (e.g., Data Stream, Data Visualization, Insurance, Healthcare, etc.) to help organize and identify them.
:::

## How to configure a new item

In the following section we'll explore the common fields shared by all item types.

Refer to the [detailed explanation by type](#marketplace-items-example-and-explanation) for the type-specific fields and examples of working JSON items entities.

> Here below are listed all the properties that must be provided for each type of item:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here below are listed all the properties that should be provided for each type of item:
```

Otherwise it may seem that the properties are all required

- **`comingSoon`** and **`releaseStage`**: properties to identify the maturity of the item (learn how to configure them in a [dedicated section](/software-catalog/manage-items/overview.md#the-release-stage-of-a-new-item) later on this page)
- **`categoryId`**: a label to help categorize items by their purpose or use case. As specified before, categories are only created internally at Mia-Platform. The `categoryId` of a item uniquely specifies both the specific category and sub-category (e.g. Start from Code (category) - Node.js (subcategory) will be identified by the `categoryId` "nodejs"). The [available category IDs](/software-catalog/manage-items/overview.md#category-list) are listed below.
- **`supportedBy`**: a label to identify the company that has produced the item (only used if `supportedByImage` is not provided)
- **`imageUrl`** and **`supportedByImageUrl`**: respectively the image that will be associated with the item and the image that will be associated with the company that has produced it.
- **`version`**: the version of the item. It is an object composed by the following properties:

>   - **`name`** (required): the actual version of the item. We suggest to use the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **`name`** (required): the actual version of the item. You must use the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) format.
```

It's mandatory to use Semver in the name of the version

  - **`releaseNote`**: a release note that will be displayed to the user when selecting the item during creation or updates based on items in a Console project; includes information about the changes introduced by the new version.
  - **`security`**: a boolean to indicate if the item is security-related

> Each item is identified by the values of the **`tenantId`**, the **`itemId`** and the **`version`** name properties. So, when you need to create a new item, be sure to provide unique values for these properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each item is identified by the values of the **`tenantId`**, the **`itemId`** and the **`version.name`** properties. So, when you need to create a new item, be sure to provide unique values for these properties.
```
